# Microservices and DevOps

This repository contains the public material and information related to the 
[Microservices and DevOps](https://odin.sdu.dk/sitecore/index.php?a=fagbesk&id=38489&lang=en&listid=)
offered by the IMADA Department at SDU.

The course is an introduction to the current practices of Microservices and
DevOps for the development of complex distributed system that scale up to
millions of users.

Microservice programming is a paradigm in which software is built by composing
distributed services. To link the software development (Dev) with software
operations (Ops) of a microservice system, the DevOps approach is used. DevOps
strongly advocates for automation and monitoring at all steps of software
construction, from integration, testing, releasing to deployment and
infrastructure management.

The course will cover recent research and technologies for the programming of
microservices using DevOps approaches. It fosters a coherent understanding of
advantages and disadvantages of microservices and DevOps practices to develop
the complex distributed applications of the future.

Durning the course, we will use the language
[Jolie](https://www.jolie-lang.org/) as a possible tool for developing
microservice systems.

To complete the course you need to complete a presentation on the most modern
tools used by the big players of the IT world and a project where a microservice
system must be build following the DevOps approach.

## Lecturer

[Jacopo Mauro](https://imada.sdu.dk/~mauro/)
Contact email: mauro@sdu.dk
Office [Ã˜13-604a-2](https://tinyurl.com/y9rz4lyb)

## Course Material

The course material is available on this git repository. Material that can not
be made public will be available on the [Blackboard
platform](https://e-learn.sdu.dk/). 
